so I'm just wondering
what mental process empowered
him
to make people laugh over things
that might otherwise so my
tragic topics
was fined up how did you make
people laugh
because that's a secret recipe I
don't know what that is
how did you do that that few
people who
can do something doesn't make it
a secret
a Edith
trying to tell her neighbor in a
bunker
you know about her on all family
trying to tell their neighbor
that she may have breast cancer
that she either may have breast
cancer
now it's a very serious moment
but
we know either and we know she
can say the word
not because she has the problem
but because breast is the word
you people don't say in polite
company immediate mine certainly
not in the nineteen seventy
certainly not
well I would should be the same
idiots today okay already in her
bed
but certainly not 1930 and
a and the other woman who we
know and though in the audience
who gonna find out have had
breast cancer
and has been through it and has
no problem
I there is no
who married to be had there but
there is amusement
and claps and so
and they and those labs are
hardier and warmer
because the audience is caring a
great deal about the outcome
yeah I hadn't got to think about
it that way
if you're invested in computer
if you care
then it's a different kinda
laughter if it's just polarity
right that's that's a it's a
brilliant distinction there
and we went for those kinda
laughed the audience were
involved in a serious problem
with these people
and when they were called on to
our apt 5b other guys
frustration and
a a and fear sheer
a it it made it more
did